applications: nrf_desktop: Config channel doc update (#2882)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/config_channel.rst

Data format
===========

The following table shows the format of requests and responses used to exchange data in the HID feature reports.

.. _nrf_desktop_table:

+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Feature report                                                    |
+-----------+-----------+----------+--------+-------------+---+-----+
| 0         | 1         | 2        | 3      | 4           | 5 | ... |
+===========+===========+==========+========+=============+===+=====+
| Report ID | Recipient | Event ID | Status | Data length | Data    |
+-----------+-----------+----------+--------+-------------+---------+

Each feature report contains the following components:

* Report ID - HID report identifier of the feature report used for transmitting data.
* Recipient - Identifier of the device to which the request is addressed.
  Needed to route requests in a multi-device setup.

>   Recipient equal ``0`` means that configuration channel frame is intended for directly connected HID device.
>   Other recipient value means that the frame should be forwarded to the peripheral connected over Bluetooth LE.

Reviewer: Make this into a sublist of this bullet point:
```suggestion
   
     * A recipient value that equals ``0`` means that configuration channel frame is intended for a HID device that is directly connected.
     * Other recipient value means that the frame should be forwarded to the peripheral connected over |BLE|.

```

  The dongle, which is a Bluetooth LE central, uses the HID Client module to find the feature report of the paired device and access it in order to forward the configuration request.
  The report forwarding is based on recipient, which is assigned by :ref:`nrf_desktop_hid_forward`.
  The :ref:`nrf_desktop_config_channel_script` holds the mentioned recipient internally and uses it in configuration channel data frames.
  From the script user perspective, the device can be identified using type, board name or hardware ID.

.. note::
   If the Low Latency Packet Mode (LLPM) connection interval is in use, the Bluetooth peripheral can provide either HID input report or config channel response during single connection event.

   To prevent HID input report rate drop while forwarding config channel report set operation, nRF Desktop Dongle can forward the data using GATT write without response.
   In that case, the peripheral does not have to provide response instead of sending HID input report.

   The GATT write without response operation cannot be performed on HID feature report.

>    To allow GATT write without response, the peripheral has to provide an additional HID output report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To allow GATT write without response, the peripheral must provide an additional HID output report.
```

1. Make sure that the application module is an :ref:`event_manager` listener.
#. Include the :file:`config_event.h` header.
#. Subscribe for the ``config_event`` using the :c:macro:`EVENT_SUBSCRIBE_EARLY` macro:

   .. code-block:: c

       EVENT_LISTENER(MODULE, event_handler);
       #if CONFIG_DESKTOP_CONFIG_CHANNEL_ENABLE
       EVENT_SUBSCRIBE_EARLY(MODULE, config_event);
       #endif

   The module should subscribe only if the configuration channel is enabled.
   The module must be an early subscriber to make sure it will receive the event before the configuration channel transports (:ref:`nrf_desktop_usb_state` and :ref:`nrf_desktop_hids`).
   Otherwise, the module may not receive the configuration channel requests at all.

>    In that case an error responses will be generated by configuration channel transport.

Reviewer: Maybe this could be a `.. note::` or a `.. tip::`?

Author: I will add this as `.. note ::`
